README.md, before:

# Awesome Zouk

A curated list of awesome Zouk resources.

# Learning Zouk

## Basics

## Free Courses

* [Online Zouk School](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwCqkhhReko&list=PLtg3wEXTYx6pDBoVcgGk2CIRA05dJytoW&index=3)
* [Zouk Atoms - FF Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS9C6blUpe_fiIK3D4gb8DMuiAP8GzKRs)

## Paid Courses

* [Brazilian Zouk Online Classes](https://www.brazilianzoukonlineclasses.com/) - by Carlos and Fernanda
* [Bruno Galhardo & Raiza Previato Courses](https://en.brgalhardo.com/) - Zouk Basics, BR Cool Moves and BRIC Improvement courses by Bruno Galhardo & Raiza Previato. 
* [District Zouk](https://www.districtzouk.com/pages/district-zouk-online) - by instructors (Gui Prada and more) in Washington, DC, USA
* [Kadu and Larissa Online Dance Classes](https://kadularissaonline.com/) - by Kadu and Larissa
* [Online Zouk School](https://www.onlinezoukschool.com/) - Tiago and Emilia, brazilian Zouk teachers living in Cologne, Germany
* [VDance Club](https://vdanceclub.com/) - 5 Brazilian Zouk classes with Arthur and Layssa
* [The Empowered Dancers](https://theempowereddancers.com/) - Brazilian Zouk classes, physical skills for dancers and self care
* [ZenZouk](https://www.zenzouklibrary.com/) - Brazilian Zouk and Lambada courses by Ryel
* [Zouk Atoms](https://zoukatoms.com/) - a new system to learn Brazilian Zouk by Fernando Rodriguez and Olga Kostrova. Free (intro) and paid verison
* [Dancelib](https://dancelib.com/) - Library with lots of dancing styles, including Zouk.

# Zouk Dancers

famous, sorted alphabetically

* Alex de Carvalho & Mathilde dos Santos - [Website](https://alexdecarvalho.com.br/alexandmathilde/), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/alex.d.carvalho/)
* Anderson & Brenda - [Website](https://andersonbrenda.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@AndersonBrenda), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/andersonbrenda)
* Bruno & Raiza - [Website](https://en.brgalhardo.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@brunoraizagalhardodance346), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/galhardodancers/)
* Carlos and Fernanda - [Website](https://www.brazilianzoukonlineclasses.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@carlosandfernanda6241), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/carlosandfernanda/)
* Gui Prada - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@guilhermeprada), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gui_prada/)
* Iago Hassuike & Vanessa Meirelles - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@iagoevanessa6338)
* Kadu & Larissa - [Website](https://kadularissaonline.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@KaduLarissaKLDance)
* Layssa & Arthur - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@LayssaArthurDance)
* Lucas & Thayná - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@LucasOliveiraOficial1), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/LucasOlivee/)
* Marck & Melyssa - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@marckmelyssazouk3021), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/marckemelyssa/)
* Michael & Aline - [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/alineborges_michaelboy/)
* Rick Torri & Larissa Secco - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czoYt0Dd_bQ)
* William Teixeira - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@williamteixeira2376), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/williamteixeira.dancer/)

# Zouk Music

## Zouk DJs

* [DJ Efosa Uwa-OmedePro](https://www.mixcloud.com/efosa-uwa-omede/)
* [DJ Mesmes](https://www.mixcloud.com/djmesmes/)
* [DJ Ocho Z](https://www.mixcloud.com/ochoz/)
* [DJ Zara](https://www.mixcloud.com/zara-howard/)


# Zouk Communities

- [ZoukNerds](https://www.facebook.com/groups/zouknerds) - Facebook group on anything Zouk. Managed by Alisson Sandi, Gui Prada, Laura Riva.

# Zouk Podcasts

* [Brazilian Zouk No Cap Podcast](https://soundcloud.com/bzncpodcast)
* [Let's Talk Zouk Podcast](https://letstalkzouk.buzzsprout.com/) - by Pedrinho Mattos & Ricky Fox.

# Zouk Events

## Worldwide events

* [Calendar of Zouk Congresses - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13os9Gw6usb6D0KOobyTsf0p6jTHvZDfQnWnRrOHgtN8/edit#gid=649819658) by Benjamin Tritt

## European events

* [Zouk Calendar European Events - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1h10hXMBmejYJKrV4NWC76ukEU65WfIy5CKiZIIT1xaQ/htmlview) by Connie Yndal Pedersen and Remy Vermunt

## Brazilian events

* [Zouk Calendar Brazilian Events - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1w0qh8AIH74qJyY824E5CWe7u0KJqnwZppMGZIhS80hs/htmlview)


# Zouk J&J

* [Brazilian Zouk Dance Council](https://www.brazilianzoukcouncil.com/) - serves, supports, and promotes all aspects of Brazilian Zouk. [Judging Criteria](https://www.brazilianzoukcouncil.com/competitors/judging-criteria/)

# Zouk Classes

TODO: please add Zouk classes by continent, country, city and links

## South America

### Brazil

## North America

### US

## Europe

### Poland

- [Warsaw](https://zouktoday.com/warsaw) - all zouk classes and events in Warsaw.

### Germany

- [Zouk in Germany](https://zoukmunich.com/zouk-germany) - link compilation by Zouk Munich.

# Zouk Styles

* [Brazilian Zouk Styles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_Zouk#Styles)

# Zouk Dance History

* [Brazilian Zouk Council](https://www.brazilianzoukcouncil.com/dance-education/history-of-brazilian-zouk/)
* [Britannica](https://www.britannica.com/art/zouk)
* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_Zouk)
* [History of Lambada and Brazilian Zouk with Renata Pecanha (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyxhDm8nEPk)

# Teaching Zouk

* [B&R Improvement Course](https://en.brgalhardo.com/curso-de-aperfeicoamento) - Level 4 and 5 for Teachers, by Bruno & Raiza.
* [Metod Alex de Carvalho](https://alexdecarvalho.com.br/brazilianzoukmac/)
* [Kadu & Larissa teachers training](https://www.kadularissa.com/kl-teachers-training-2023/)

# General Dancing

* [awesome-biomechanics](https://github.com/modenaxe/awesome-biomechanics) - curated repository of biomechanical resources

Commit message:

feat(travel): add initial travel info

README.md, after:

# Awesome Zouk

A curated list of awesome Zouk resources.

# Learning Zouk

## Basics

## Free Courses

* [Online Zouk School](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwCqkhhReko&list=PLtg3wEXTYx6pDBoVcgGk2CIRA05dJytoW&index=3)
* [Zouk Atoms - FF Course](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS9C6blUpe_fiIK3D4gb8DMuiAP8GzKRs)

## Paid Courses

* [Brazilian Zouk Online Classes](https://www.brazilianzoukonlineclasses.com/) - by Carlos and Fernanda
* [Bruno Galhardo & Raiza Previato Courses](https://en.brgalhardo.com/) - Zouk Basics, BR Cool Moves and BRIC Improvement courses by Bruno Galhardo & Raiza Previato. 
* [District Zouk](https://www.districtzouk.com/pages/district-zouk-online) - by instructors (Gui Prada and more) in Washington, DC, USA
* [Kadu and Larissa Online Dance Classes](https://kadularissaonline.com/) - by Kadu and Larissa
* [Online Zouk School](https://www.onlinezoukschool.com/) - Tiago and Emilia, brazilian Zouk teachers living in Cologne, Germany
* [VDance Club](https://vdanceclub.com/) - 5 Brazilian Zouk classes with Arthur and Layssa
* [The Empowered Dancers](https://theempowereddancers.com/) - Brazilian Zouk classes, physical skills for dancers and self care
* [ZenZouk](https://www.zenzouklibrary.com/) - Brazilian Zouk and Lambada courses by Ryel
* [Zouk Atoms](https://zoukatoms.com/) - a new system to learn Brazilian Zouk by Fernando Rodriguez and Olga Kostrova. Free (intro) and paid verison
* [Dancelib](https://dancelib.com/) - Library with lots of dancing styles, including Zouk.

# Zouk Dancers

famous, sorted alphabetically

* Alex de Carvalho & Mathilde dos Santos - [Website](https://alexdecarvalho.com.br/alexandmathilde/), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/alex.d.carvalho/)
* Anderson & Brenda - [Website](https://andersonbrenda.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@AndersonBrenda), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/andersonbrenda)
* Bruno & Raiza - [Website](https://en.brgalhardo.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@brunoraizagalhardodance346), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/galhardodancers/)
* Carlos and Fernanda - [Website](https://www.brazilianzoukonlineclasses.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@carlosandfernanda6241), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/carlosandfernanda/)
* Gui Prada - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@guilhermeprada), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gui_prada/)
* Iago Hassuike & Vanessa Meirelles - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@iagoevanessa6338)
* Kadu & Larissa - [Website](https://kadularissaonline.com/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@KaduLarissaKLDance)
* Layssa & Arthur - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@LayssaArthurDance)
* Lucas & Thayná - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@LucasOliveiraOficial1), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/LucasOlivee/)
* Marck & Melyssa - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@marckmelyssazouk3021), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/marckemelyssa/)
* Michael & Aline - [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/alineborges_michaelboy/)
* Rick Torri & Larissa Secco - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czoYt0Dd_bQ)
* William Teixeira - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@williamteixeira2376), [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/williamteixeira.dancer/)

# Zouk Music

## Zouk DJs

* [DJ Efosa Uwa-OmedePro](https://www.mixcloud.com/efosa-uwa-omede/)
* [DJ Mesmes](https://www.mixcloud.com/djmesmes/)
* [DJ Ocho Z](https://www.mixcloud.com/ochoz/)
* [DJ Zara](https://www.mixcloud.com/zara-howard/)


# Zouk Communities

- [ZoukNerds](https://www.facebook.com/groups/zouknerds) - Facebook group on anything Zouk. Managed by Alisson Sandi, Gui Prada, Laura Riva.

# Zouk Podcasts

* [Brazilian Zouk No Cap Podcast](https://soundcloud.com/bzncpodcast)
* [Let's Talk Zouk Podcast](https://letstalkzouk.buzzsprout.com/) - by Pedrinho Mattos & Ricky Fox.

# Zouk Events

## Worldwide events

* [Calendar of Zouk Congresses - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13os9Gw6usb6D0KOobyTsf0p6jTHvZDfQnWnRrOHgtN8/edit#gid=649819658) by Benjamin Tritt

## European events

* [Zouk Calendar European Events - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1h10hXMBmejYJKrV4NWC76ukEU65WfIy5CKiZIIT1xaQ/htmlview) by Connie Yndal Pedersen and Remy Vermunt

## Brazilian events

* [Zouk Calendar Brazilian Events - Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1w0qh8AIH74qJyY824E5CWe7u0KJqnwZppMGZIhS80hs/htmlview)


# Zouk J&J

* [Brazilian Zouk Dance Council](https://www.brazilianzoukcouncil.com/) - serves, supports, and promotes all aspects of Brazilian Zouk. [Judging Criteria](https://www.brazilianzoukcouncil.com/competitors/judging-criteria/)

# Zouk Classes

TODO: please add Zouk classes by continent, country, city and links

## South America

### Brazil

## North America

### US

## Europe

### Poland

- [Warsaw](https://zouktoday.com/warsaw) - all zouk classes and events in Warsaw.

### Germany

- [Zouk in Germany](https://zoukmunich.com/zouk-germany) - link compilation by Zouk Munich.

# Zouk Styles

* [Brazilian Zouk Styles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_Zouk#Styles)

# Zouk Dance History

* [Brazilian Zouk Council](https://www.brazilianzoukcouncil.com/dance-education/history-of-brazilian-zouk/)
* [Britannica](https://www.britannica.com/art/zouk)
* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_Zouk)
* [History of Lambada and Brazilian Zouk with Renata Pecanha (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyxhDm8nEPk)

# Teaching Zouk

* [B&R Improvement Course](https://en.brgalhardo.com/curso-de-aperfeicoamento) - Level 4 and 5 for Teachers, by Bruno & Raiza.
* [Metod Alex de Carvalho](https://alexdecarvalho.com.br/brazilianzoukmac/)
* [Kadu & Larissa teachers training](https://www.kadularissa.com/kl-teachers-training-2023/)
* 
# Zouk Travel

## Zouk Travel in Europe

### Flights
- [skyscanner](https://skyscanner.com/) - search by city, country, month
- [azair](https://www.azair.eu/) - search by city, country, days, connections

### Trains
- Poland: https://www.intercity.pl/en/
- Germany: https://bahn.de/
- France: https://www.sncf-connect.com/en-en/

### Accomodation

#### Free
- contact local Zouk dancers at the event, either directly or in their groups

#### Paid

- https://www.booking.com/
- https://airbnb.com/

# General Dancing

* [awesome-biomechanics](https://github.com/modenaxe/awesome-biomechanics) - curated repository of biomechanical resources
